chore: release beta 1 (#48)
powersync-ja/powersync-kotlin: core/README.md

## Note on SQLDelight

The PowerSync core module, internally makes use of [SQLDelight](https://cashapp.github.io/sqldelight) for it database API and typesafe database query generation.

> With the Beta release, the PowerSync core module does not support integrating with SQLDelight from client applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PowerSync core module does not currently support integrating with SQLDelight from client applications.
```
